Codeintel doc updates (#29376)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_services/index.md

- A second PostgreSQL instance for storing large-volume precise code intelligence data.
- A [Redis](https://redis.io/) instance for storing short-term information such as user sessions.
- A second Redis instance for storing cache data.

> - A [MinIO](https://min.io/) instance that serves as a local S3-compatible object storage to hold user uploads before they can be processed. _This data is for temporary storage only._

Author: I've added these explicit statements about s3 storage due to a ticket in which the reddit admin was confused about why they weren't seeing lsif uploads in their s3 bucket. They eventually enabled versioning on their bucket and then could observe the creation of new dumps

Reviewer: Dumps so fast you have to turn on versioning to see it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [MinIO](https://min.io/) instance that serves as a local S3-compatible object storage to hold user uploads before they can be processed. _This data is for temporary storage and content will be automatically deleted once processed._
```

To further clarify
